[docs] Fix metadata for some pages (#17259)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/deploy/checklist.md

---
title: Deployment checklist for YugabyteDB clusters
headerTitle: Deployment Checklist
linkTitle: Deployment Checklist

> description: Checklist to review system requirements, configuration details, etc. when deploying the YugabyteDB database to production or for performance testing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Checklist to review system requirements, configuration details, and so on, when deploying the YugabyteDB database to production or for performance testing. 
```
